docs: update the FJ extension section according to the UI changes (#24)
telerik/fiddler-jam-docs: portal/portal-logs.md

## Open Submitted Logs

> After an extension user submits a log, the log is uploaded to the Fiddler Jam cloud space. At this moment, only the extension user knows the exact address of the log. The next step is for the extension user to share the generated link (with the access rules set via [the link generation options]({%slug fj-link-options%})) with the portal user (e.g.,,, a support engineer with Fiddler Jam subscription and agent role).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a Fiddler Jam user submits a log, the log is uploaded to the Fiddler Jam cloud space. At this moment, only this user knows the exact address of the log. The next step is for the extension user to share the generated link with other portal users (e.g., a support engineer with Fiddler Jam subscription and agent role). The access rules are set via [the link generation options]({%slug fj-link-options%}).
```

- Edit the log's _title_, _description_, and _submitted by_ fields.
- Click on **Done** when ready.

![Edit log details](../images/portal/logs/fj-portal-log-edit-details.png)

## Using Logs

Depending on the selected [capture options]({%slug fj-capture-options%}), a Fiddler Jam log could contain the captured traffic (sessions), screenshots, and developer's console logs.

### Traffic Inspection

> Each FIddler Jam log contains a list of captured HTTP sessions and request/response inspectors. On the left side, called **Captured Logs**, the UI provides the list of captured HTTP sessions, screenshots, and console logs. On the right side, called **Inspectors**, the Fiddler Jam UI provides the **Request**, and **Response** inspectors (when an HTTP session is selected) or the screenshot/console logs preview screen (when a screenshot or a console log is selected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Fiddler Jam log contains a list of captured HTTP sessions and request/response inspectors. On the left side, called **Captured Logs**, the UI provides the captured HTTP sessions, screenshots, and console logs. On the right side, called **Inspectors**, Fiddler Jam provides the **Request** and **Response** inspectors (when an HTTP session is selected), or the screenshot/console logs preview screen (when a screenshot or a console log is selected).
```
